
Max SIZE = 100
Benchmarking Malmö to Göteborg
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Stockholm
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Malmö to Stockholm
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Sundsvall
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Umeå
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Sundsvall
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Sundsvall to Umeå
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Umeå to Göteborg
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Umeå
shortest: null min (0 ms)


Max SIZE = 200
Benchmarking Malmö to Göteborg
shortest: 153 min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Stockholm
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Malmö to Stockholm
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Sundsvall
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Umeå
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Sundsvall
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Sundsvall to Umeå
shortest: 190 min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Umeå to Göteborg
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Umeå
shortest: null min (0 ms)


Max SIZE = 300
Benchmarking Malmö to Göteborg
shortest: 153 min (1 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Stockholm
shortest: 211 min (1 ms)

Benchmarking Malmö to Stockholm
shortest: 273 min (1 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Sundsvall
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Umeå
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Sundsvall
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Sundsvall to Umeå
shortest: 190 min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Umeå to Göteborg
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Umeå
shortest: null min (0 ms)


Max SIZE = 400
Benchmarking Malmö to Göteborg
shortest: 153 min (30 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Stockholm
shortest: 211 min (28 ms)

Benchmarking Malmö to Stockholm
shortest: 273 min (30 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Sundsvall
shortest: 327 min (19 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Umeå
shortest: null min (19 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Sundsvall
shortest: null min (27 ms)

Benchmarking Sundsvall to Umeå
shortest: 190 min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Umeå to Göteborg
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Umeå
shortest: null min (28 ms)


Max SIZE = 500
Benchmarking Malmö to Göteborg
shortest: 153 min (1180 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Stockholm
shortest: 211 min (1286 ms)

Benchmarking Malmö to Stockholm
shortest: 273 min (1204 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Sundsvall
shortest: 327 min (869 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Umeå
shortest: null min (862 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Sundsvall
shortest: null min (1329 ms)

Benchmarking Sundsvall to Umeå
shortest: 190 min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Umeå to Göteborg
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Umeå
shortest: null min (1303 ms)


Max SIZE = 600
Benchmarking Malmö to Göteborg
shortest: 153 min (44445 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Stockholm
        shortest: 211 min (59385 ms)

Benchmarking Malmö to Stockholm
shortest: 273 min (46949 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Sundsvall
shortest: 327 min (39278 ms)

Benchmarking Stockholm to Umeå
shortest: 517 min (39204 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Sundsvall
shortest: 515 min (62054 ms)

Benchmarking Sundsvall to Umeå
shortest: 190 min (1 ms)

Benchmarking Umeå to Göteborg
shortest: null min (0 ms)

Benchmarking Göteborg to Umeå
shortest: null min (60922 ms)